"When you reached the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow." - A. P. Abdul Kalman
"There is nothing permanent except change." - Heraclitus
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe
"The only journey is the one within." - Rainer Maria Rilke
"Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night." - William Blake
"keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." - Edward Everett Hale
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." - Simone de Beauvoir
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." - Anne Frank
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." - Benjamin Fraklin
"There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship." - Thomas Aquinas
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." - John C. Maxwell
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"Always remember that you absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be." - William Shakespeare
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them." - Desmond Tutu
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Today you are you! That is truer than true! There in no one alive who is you-er than you!" - Dr. Seuss
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." - Buddha
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! - Audrey Hepburn
"Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain." - Joseph Campbell
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Arthur Ashe
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Og Mandino
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Bo Jackson
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Carol Burnett
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Aim for the moon. If you miss you may hit a star." - W. Clement Stone
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." - Babe Ruth
"Even if you fall on your face. you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one." - Philip Sidney
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins